Data Structures :
In computer Programming, Data structure is a way of organizing and storing data so as to ease the accessing and modification of data while program is executed . 
There are various types of data structures present for storing the data and different data structures have different and unique features. 
Some commonly used data structures are Array, Linked List, Stack, Queue, Heap, Binary Tree and Graph. 


Database  :
A Database is a collection of data that is stored in an organized fashion in a table containing rows and columns using a software package known as Database Management System (DBMS). 
DBMS is used to modify, define, manipulate and manage data. Some examples of DBMS are : MySQL, Oracle Database and Microsoft Access. 


Dataware house:
Data Warehouse is basically the collection of data from various heterogeneous sources. It is the main component of the business intelligence system where analysis and 
management of data are done which is further used to improve decision making. It involves the process of extraction, loading, and transformation for providing the data
for analysis. Data warehouses are also used to perform queries on a large amount of data. It uses data from various relational databases and application log files.


Big data :
Big Data basically refers to the data which is in large volume and has complex data sets. This large amount of data can be structured, semi-structured, or non-structured 
and cannot be processed by traditional data processing software and databases. Various operations like analysis, manipulation, changes, etc are performed on data and then 
it is used by companies for intelligent decision making. Big data is a very powerful asset in today’s world. Big data can also be used to tackle business problems by 
providing intelligent decision making.



Types of Data Structures :
1.Physical ->  1> Arrays
               2> Linked List
2.Logical ->   1> Stack    -      Linear
               2> queues    -
               3>  Trees            - Non-linear
               4> Graph              -
               5> hash table              - Tabular     
These logical data structurea are implemented using Physical Data Structures


Recursion: function calling itself
There are two phases of recursion:
1.Calling phase 
2.Returning phase

General syntax:
int funcitonName(){
                     if (n>0){         //there should be condition provided
Ascending phase  :  *calling part ;   //before the funct call
                     functionName();
Descending phase:    *returning part;  //after the function call
    } 

}

so now whats the difference between recursion and loop is that loops just has the ascending phase but recursion have both ascending and descending phase;